c:\users\jannik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\bin\Debug\MyAwesomeDiscordBot.exe.config
c:\users\jannik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\bin\Debug\MyAwesomeDiscordBot.exe
c:\users\jannik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\bin\Debug\MyAwesomeDiscordBot.pdb
c:\users\jannik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\users\jannik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\jannik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jannik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\jannik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\jannik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\jannik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\jannik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\jannik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jannik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\jannik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\jannik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\jannik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\jannik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\obj\Debug\MyAwesomeDiscordBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jannik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\obj\Debug\MyAwesomeDiscordBot.exe
c:\users\jannik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\obj\Debug\MyAwesomeDiscordBot.pdb
C:\Users\Jannik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Jannik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Jannik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\obj\Debug\MyAwesomeDiscordBot.AdminPanel.resources
C:\Users\Jannik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\MyAwesomeDiscordBot\obj\Debug\MyAwesomeDiscordBot.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
